Replace `E-easy` with `good first issue` in `CONTRIBUTING.md` (#6248)
rust-lang/rust-clippy: CONTRIBUTING.md

Usually the lint will end up to be a nested series of matches and ifs, [like so][deep-nesting].
But we can make it nest-less by using [if_chain] macro, [like this][nest-less].

[`E-medium`] issues are generally pretty easy too, though it's recommended you work on an [`good first issue`]

> first. They are mostly classified as [`E-medium`], since they might be somewhat involved code wise,
> but not difficult per-se.

Reviewer: That's not really how I'm labeling issues.

IMO `E-medium` means, that the issues either are "somewhat involved code wise" or require some knowledge of Clippy or some debugging, before the fix.

So:

```suggestion
first. Sometimes they are only somewhat involved code wise, but not difficult per-se.
Note that [`E-medium`] issues may require some knowledge of Clippy internals or some 
debugging to find the actual problem behind the issue. 
```

Author: Thanks for your review! I applied your suggestion.
